Hello, are we Maya Beese and Rocío
Marcos
and today we're going to talk
about digital health, how to
take care of our mind and body when we spend
a lot of time
on the screens
In our day to day we use screens
for everything,
to work, study and entertain
ourselves.
This makes us spend
many hours in a row
in front of devices without realizing it.
This prolonged use
has consequences,
can cause eyestrain, back pain,
insomnia and also increase stress,
that's why it's important
to learn how to manage it.
Some simple habits
can go a long way,
walk a few minutes every so often,
get up and stretch
your arms
and relax your eyes looking away
for a few seconds.
It's also critical to have
a good workspace,
with good lighting and
an ergonomic chair
to avoid bad postures.
In addition, we must learn
to disconnect from screens,
sleep well, read or dedicate
time to non-tech activities
always helps to balance
our mental health.
It's not about avoiding
technology,
but use it with balance
so it doesn't affect
to our well-being.
In short, care for your body,
care for your mind
and apply small routines
that mark a
difference.
If you want more advice,
you can visit our health website
at the link
listed here, thank you
for your attention.